# Configuring-Firewall-using-Automation-in-Python-Project

As an intern with Wonderville, my task is to strengthen the 
company digital security that will eventually benefit the entire 
town IT infrastructure. This task will be accomplished by mainly 
targeting the internal windows server which is at high risk if get 
compromised by a threat actor. We have to focus on configuring 
the host-based firewall rules on the internal windows server. The 
present network configuration on the windows server allows all 
host to communicate with each other and specially to the internal 
windows server, which will eventually make the entire IT 
infrastructure of the company vulnerable to a ransomware attack. 
To solve this problem, I have developed an access control policy 
that put restrictions on the unnecessary communication between 
hosts while still allowing essential services, which includes 
administrative access. To further move on achieving our security 
goals for the company, I prefer enabling Host-Based Firewalls on 
all windows servers that will prevent unauthorized access, by 
blocking incoming traffic from outside. We should develop our 
firewall rules in such a manner that only the chosen traffic is 
allowed, for example only the administrative access should be  
permitted, thereby staying protected from the potential threats. 
We should deploy our rules in an automated script across all 
windows hosts, while keeping in in mind the consistency and 
ease of management. This approach will make the overall IT 
infrastructure and networking database of the company safe from 
the outside threats by minimizing unwanted exposure and more 
focus on critical systems and services.
